docs(v2): Move sidebar content to its own page (#3899)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/sidebar.md

Shorthand notation can also be used:

```js title="sidebars.js"
module.exports = {
  docs: {
    'Getting started': ['greeting'],
    Docusaurus: ['doc1'],
  },
};
```

:::note Shorthand notation relies on the iteration order of JavaScript object keys for the category name. When using this notation, keep in mind that EcmaScript does not guarantee `Object.keys({a,b}) === ['a','b']`, yet this is generally true. :::

## Using multiple sidebars

You can have multiple sidebars for different Markdown files by adding more top-level keys to the exported object.

Example:

```js title="sidebars.js"
module.exports = {
  firstSidebar: {
    'Category A': ['doc1'],
  },
  secondSidebar: {
    'Category A': ['doc2'],
    'Category B': ['doc3'],
  },
};
```

By default, the doc page the user is reading will display the sidebar that it is part of. This can be customized with the [sidebar type](#understanding-sidebar-items).

For example, with the above example, when displaying the `doc2` page, the sidebar will contain the items of `secondSidebar` only. Another example of multiple sidebars is the `API` and `Docs` sections on the Docusaurus website.

> For more information about sidebars and how they relate to doc pages, see [Navbar doc link](docs/api/themes/configuration/#navbar-doc-link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about sidebars and how they relate to doc pages, see [Navbar doc link](./api/themes/theme-configuration.md#navbar-doc-link).
```

Netlify CI detects a broken link here.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/749374/101799167-21581880-3b0c-11eb-8b98-c8a2c204c9f9.png)

For linking from one doc to another inside a given version, it's better to use relative paths to the md file.
